Readme.md, before:

# Leetcode Problem of the Day

## problems to revisit:

<details>
<summary>2024_09</summary>

|date|problem|link|revisited|
|:--|:-----|:---|:-------:|
|28|641|[Design Circular Deque](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-circular-deque/)|&cross;|
| | | | | 

</details>

<details>
<summary>2024_10</summary>

|date|problem|link|revisited|
|:--|:-----|:---|:-------:|
|12|641|[divide intervals into min no. of groups](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-intervals-into-minimum-number-of-groups/description/)|&cross;|
|15 |2938 |[Separate Black and White Balls](https://leetcode.com/problems/separate-black-and-white-balls/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-10-15) | &dash;| 
|16|1405|[Longest Happy String](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-happy-string/description/) |&cross;|
|17|670|[Maximum Swap](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-swap/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-10-17) |&cross;|

</details>

<details>
<summary>2025_01</summary>

|date|problem|link|topics|revisited|remarks|
|:--|:-----|:---|:-----:|:-------:|:------:|
|01|1422|[Maximum Score After Splitting a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string/description/)| |&cross;| |
|02|2559|[Count Vowel Strings in Ranges](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-vowel-strings-in-ranges/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-02)| |&cross;| |
|03|2270|[Number of Ways to Split Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-split-array/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-03)| |&cross;| |
|04|1930|[Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-length-3-palindromic-subsequences/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-04)| |&cross;|
|05|2381|[2381. Shifting Letters II](https://leetcode.com/problems/shifting-letters-ii/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-05)| |&cross;| |
|06|1769|[1769. Minimum Number of Operations to Move All Balls to Each Box](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-06)| |&cross;| retry atleast once.|
|07|1408|[1408. String Matching in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-matching-in-an-array/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-07)|string, kmp|&cross;| solved using brute force. optimise using kmp|
|08|3042|[3042. Count Prefix and Suffix Pairs I](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-08)|string, Trie|&cross;| solved using brute force. optimization needed|
|09|2185|[2185. Counting Words With a Given Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-09)|string, pattern matching|&cross;| solved using brute force. explore optimization|
|10|916|[916. Word Subsets](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-subsets/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-10)|string, pattern matching|&cross;| solved but explore optimization|
|11|1400|[1400. Construct K Palindrome Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-k-palindrome-strings/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-11)|string, map, greedy|&cross;| intution didn't came naturally, problem thik se samjha nhi tha.|
|12|2116|[2116. Check if a Parentheses String Can Be Valid](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-a-parentheses-string-can-be-valid/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-12)|string, stack, greedy|&cross;| almost ho gya tha khudse.|
|13|2116|[3223. Minimum Length of String After Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-length-of-string-after-operations/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-13)|string, logical|&cross;|good easy question|
|14|2657|[2657. Find the Prefix Common Array of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-14)|array, hashtable, bit manipulation|&cross;|good easy practice problem|
|15|2429|[2429. Minimize XOR](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-xor/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-15)|bit manipulation|&cross;|bit manipulation padhna padega|
|16|2425|[2425. Bitwise XOR of All Pairings](https://leetcode.com/problems/bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings/)|bit manipulation|&cross;|ho gya tha mujhse but bit manipulation padhna padega|
|17|2683|[2683. Neighboring Bitwise XOR](https://leetcode.com/problems/neighboring-bitwise-xor/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-17)|bit manipulation|&cross;|tha easy question par hua nhi mujhse|
|18|1368|[1368. Minimum Cost to Make at Least One Valid Path in a Grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-make-at-least-one-valid-path-in-a-grid/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-18)|2d-array, bfs, shortest path, heap(priority queue), graph, matrix|&cross;|zero idea bas copy paste kiya hai|
|19|407|[407. Trapping Rain Water II](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water-ii/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-19)|heap, priority queue, matrix|&cross;|zero idea bas copy paste kiya hai|
|20|2661|[2661. First Completely Painted Row or Column](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-completely-painted-row-or-column/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-20)|array, hashing, matrix|&cross;|was a easy one, karne ka mann nhi kiya to approach dekha and coded myself|
|21|2017|[2017. Grid Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/grid-game/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-21)|array, matrix|&cross;|was a easy one, khud karna chaiye tha...|
|22|1765|[1765. Map of Highest Peak](https://leetcode.com/problems/map-of-highest-peak/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-22)|array, matrix, graph, multi-source-BFS|&cross;|graph is another topic jo karna hai|
|23|1267|[1267. Count Servers that Communicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-servers-that-communicate/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-23)|array, matrix, graph, bfs, dfs|&cross;|graph is another topic jo karna hai, easy tha aaj ka problem thode aur effort marta to ho jaata|
|25|2948|[2948. Make Lexicographically Smallest Array by Swapping Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/make-lexicographically-smallest-array-by-swapping-elements/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-25)|array, sorting, hashing|&cross;|achha question tha, was on the right track but hua nhi|
|26|2127|[2127. Maximum Employees to Be Invited to a Meeting](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-employees-to-be-invited-to-a-meeting/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-26)|bfs, graph|&cross;|graph ka bohot hi hard question, please revisit this once graph padh lo|
|26|1462|[1462. Course Schedule IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule-iv/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-27)|bfs, graph|&cross;|graph padh le be|

</details>
<details>
<summary>2025_02</summary>

|date|link|topics|Mark for revision|revised on|remarks|
|:--|:---|:-----:|:-------:|:----:|:------:|
|01|[3151. Special Array I](https://leetcode.com/problems/special-array-i/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-01)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|02|[1752. Check if Array Is Sorted and Rotated](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-array-is-sorted-and-rotated/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-02)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|03|[3105. Longest Strictly Increasing or Strictly Decreasing Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-strictly-increasing-or-strictly-decreasing-subarray/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-03)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|04|[1800. Maximum Ascending Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-ascending-subarray-sum/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-04)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|06|[1726. Tuple with Same Product](https://leetcode.com/problems/tuple-with-same-product/)|arrays, hashing, counting|&cross;|&cross;| good practice problem|


</details>

Commit message:

7th feb 2025, 3160. Find the Number of Distinct Colors Among the Balls, good problem ho gya khud se

Readme.md, after:

# Leetcode Problem of the Day

## problems to revisit:

<details>
<summary>2024_09</summary>

|date|problem|link|revisited|
|:--|:-----|:---|:-------:|
|28|641|[Design Circular Deque](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-circular-deque/)|&cross;|
| | | | | 

</details>

<details>
<summary>2024_10</summary>

|date|problem|link|revisited|
|:--|:-----|:---|:-------:|
|12|641|[divide intervals into min no. of groups](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-intervals-into-minimum-number-of-groups/description/)|&cross;|
|15 |2938 |[Separate Black and White Balls](https://leetcode.com/problems/separate-black-and-white-balls/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-10-15) | &dash;| 
|16|1405|[Longest Happy String](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-happy-string/description/) |&cross;|
|17|670|[Maximum Swap](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-swap/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-10-17) |&cross;|

</details>

<details>
<summary>2025_01</summary>

|date|problem|link|topics|revisited|remarks|
|:--|:-----|:---|:-----:|:-------:|:------:|
|01|1422|[Maximum Score After Splitting a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string/description/)| |&cross;| |
|02|2559|[Count Vowel Strings in Ranges](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-vowel-strings-in-ranges/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-02)| |&cross;| |
|03|2270|[Number of Ways to Split Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-split-array/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-03)| |&cross;| |
|04|1930|[Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-length-3-palindromic-subsequences/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-04)| |&cross;|
|05|2381|[2381. Shifting Letters II](https://leetcode.com/problems/shifting-letters-ii/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-05)| |&cross;| |
|06|1769|[1769. Minimum Number of Operations to Move All Balls to Each Box](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-operations-to-move-all-balls-to-each-box/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-06)| |&cross;| retry atleast once.|
|07|1408|[1408. String Matching in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-matching-in-an-array/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-07)|string, kmp|&cross;| solved using brute force. optimise using kmp|
|08|3042|[3042. Count Prefix and Suffix Pairs I](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-08)|string, Trie|&cross;| solved using brute force. optimization needed|
|09|2185|[2185. Counting Words With a Given Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-09)|string, pattern matching|&cross;| solved using brute force. explore optimization|
|10|916|[916. Word Subsets](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-subsets/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-10)|string, pattern matching|&cross;| solved but explore optimization|
|11|1400|[1400. Construct K Palindrome Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-k-palindrome-strings/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-11)|string, map, greedy|&cross;| intution didn't came naturally, problem thik se samjha nhi tha.|
|12|2116|[2116. Check if a Parentheses String Can Be Valid](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-a-parentheses-string-can-be-valid/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-12)|string, stack, greedy|&cross;| almost ho gya tha khudse.|
|13|2116|[3223. Minimum Length of String After Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-length-of-string-after-operations/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-13)|string, logical|&cross;|good easy question|
|14|2657|[2657. Find the Prefix Common Array of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-14)|array, hashtable, bit manipulation|&cross;|good easy practice problem|
|15|2429|[2429. Minimize XOR](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-xor/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-15)|bit manipulation|&cross;|bit manipulation padhna padega|
|16|2425|[2425. Bitwise XOR of All Pairings](https://leetcode.com/problems/bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings/)|bit manipulation|&cross;|ho gya tha mujhse but bit manipulation padhna padega|
|17|2683|[2683. Neighboring Bitwise XOR](https://leetcode.com/problems/neighboring-bitwise-xor/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-17)|bit manipulation|&cross;|tha easy question par hua nhi mujhse|
|18|1368|[1368. Minimum Cost to Make at Least One Valid Path in a Grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-make-at-least-one-valid-path-in-a-grid/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-18)|2d-array, bfs, shortest path, heap(priority queue), graph, matrix|&cross;|zero idea bas copy paste kiya hai|
|19|407|[407. Trapping Rain Water II](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water-ii/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-19)|heap, priority queue, matrix|&cross;|zero idea bas copy paste kiya hai|
|20|2661|[2661. First Completely Painted Row or Column](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-completely-painted-row-or-column/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-20)|array, hashing, matrix|&cross;|was a easy one, karne ka mann nhi kiya to approach dekha and coded myself|
|21|2017|[2017. Grid Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/grid-game/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-21)|array, matrix|&cross;|was a easy one, khud karna chaiye tha...|
|22|1765|[1765. Map of Highest Peak](https://leetcode.com/problems/map-of-highest-peak/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-22)|array, matrix, graph, multi-source-BFS|&cross;|graph is another topic jo karna hai|
|23|1267|[1267. Count Servers that Communicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-servers-that-communicate/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-23)|array, matrix, graph, bfs, dfs|&cross;|graph is another topic jo karna hai, easy tha aaj ka problem thode aur effort marta to ho jaata|
|25|2948|[2948. Make Lexicographically Smallest Array by Swapping Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/make-lexicographically-smallest-array-by-swapping-elements/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-25)|array, sorting, hashing|&cross;|achha question tha, was on the right track but hua nhi|
|26|2127|[2127. Maximum Employees to Be Invited to a Meeting](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-employees-to-be-invited-to-a-meeting/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-26)|bfs, graph|&cross;|graph ka bohot hi hard question, please revisit this once graph padh lo|
|26|1462|[1462. Course Schedule IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule-iv/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-01-27)|bfs, graph|&cross;|graph padh le be|

</details>
<details>
<summary>2025_02</summary>

|date|link|topics|Mark for revision|revised on|remarks|
|:--|:---|:-----:|:-------:|:----:|:------:|
|01|[3151. Special Array I](https://leetcode.com/problems/special-array-i/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-01)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|02|[1752. Check if Array Is Sorted and Rotated](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-array-is-sorted-and-rotated/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-02)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|03|[3105. Longest Strictly Increasing or Strictly Decreasing Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-strictly-increasing-or-strictly-decreasing-subarray/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-03)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|04|[1800. Maximum Ascending Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-ascending-subarray-sum/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-04)|arrays|&cross;|&cross;|easy array question|
|06|[1726. Tuple with Same Product](https://leetcode.com/problems/tuple-with-same-product/)|arrays, hashing, counting|&cross;|&cross;| good practice problem|
|07|[3160. Find the Number of Distinct Colors Among the Balls](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-number-of-distinct-colors-among-the-balls/?envType=daily-question&envId=2025-02-07)|arrays, hashing, counting|&cross;|&cross;| good practice problem|


</details>
